Adding the Path where "Display out of Stock products" Setting resides (#689)
magento/merchdocs: src/catalog/inventory-product-alerts.md

    - To offer alerts when out-of-stock products become available again, set **Allow Alert When Product Comes Back in Stock** to `Yes`.

      {:.bs-callout-info}

>       The _Sign up to get notified when this product is back in stock_ message appears only when **Stores > Catalog > Inventory > Stock Options - Display Out of Stock Products** is set to `Yes`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      The _Sign up to get notified when this product is back in stock_ message appears only when **Display Out of Stock Products** is set to `Yes` (located in the Configuration at Catalog > Inventory > Stock Options).
```
